mommy look isn't this how you always
wanted to see your daughter my mom and
dad are watching look in Stepford wife
I've got cheddar bay biscuits for
everyone I love them that's the first
thing that I picked up when I go to the
Red Lobster aren't they delish yeah well
our first guest is this is a stuff and I
did bring the hunt so it's by the way
the fatty that I am our first guest is a
self-proclaimed copycat his cookbook is
called America's Most Wanted recipe and
it's filled with all these secret
recipes from the restaurants that we
love please welcome to the show Ron
Douglas
come on let's get to the evening I
believe them on the Wendy oh thank you
Ron that's good i'm a big fan i'm a big
fan of food and all these rest guess
what's in here along with the cheddar
bay biscuits which PS what is this
recipe oh well real secret to that
recipe is mild cheddar cheese it's
really easy to make I've been making it
for years and with that cookbook you
know it shows you step-by-step how to do
it yourself at home okay and there's
something else in here before we get to
the KFC secret recipe if you love hula
hands like isla is it will even know
Houston's like I love Houston the first
thing you order is what the spinach dip
learn to make it ok so now look let's
start the cooking and there's grease
come on let's tell us what we're doing
God you claim that you figured out the
Colonel's recipe yes I'm gonna take you
to it first buttermilk cup of buttermilk
what in and I'm gonna get you to help me
with this dish you how to make it also
come on you got see ya 18 the buttermilk
did the eggs a chicken dredging right I
should pour that flour in it what
where's the flour right here stop it on
there look at the one I get no no no no
no no that's why the recipe does it turn
out yeah but you want to know what there
are 11 herbs and spices the colonel says
how many do you have here 2 4 6 11 ok
just taken me years to figure out how to
make this recipe I started out on my own
website recipe secrets tight neck uh-huh
that's really a collective effort
between me and the people on my website
they will provide feedback and their
needs more or less less Liz so um what
helped your help make it well now I want
to look good luck look you know you
can't call a kid puck and go ok so back
honey wheat a bush man Brad don't you
love that when you go to outback this
book is great do you get grief from any
of these restaurants well
I don't claim that these at a restaurant
recipes like lame reason my virgin okay
restaurant recipes and you know I don't
go to steal that secret cookbooks from
there you know back kitchen or something
you know this is like a collective
effort between me and people my website
we came up with these bishes through
trial and error over the years and right
now I'm putting the 11 herbs and spices
in Jack Daniels getting song all right
all right I'll just call off the 11
herbs and spices other people at home
know what they are you know oregano
chili powder dried sage basil marjoram
pepper salt paprika onion salt garlic
powder and accent everything is really
accent accent is the key ingredient that
gummy texture really what that is a mess
dude yeah a little bit won't kill you
know everyone knows that's what the news
amigo yeah yeah keep it going okay taco
bell's beef chalupa supreme I love that
the dog passed away you heard that yeah
no keep going look look so I heard that
you had a friend that worked at KFC and
you tried to bribe the friend for the
secret recipe yeah kinda guy yea my
brother had a friend I don't they work
there now you know I was jokingly off
and I'm honored all of it they don't
know what the recipe is obviously it
would be out if they did it comes a
little pre packaged so you have to do it
trial and error like like I did well you
could buy this cookbook in the recipes
like they're my does is my version of
the recipe you know what the soup nazi
from seinfeld he makes this cream a
sweet potato soup that's in there also
alright what are you already doing ready
to refold the soil this is so great
let's start the flying so what we're
gonna do is we're going to dip the
chicken and the egg mixture it's been
awesome yeah i just went because ever
gonna coat it with the flour and spice
mixture okay and then we're gonna put it
in the car but I'd you do it all over
here oh joy all over now all right
America there two things i promised
myself um in getting in front of you on
this show one I would never eat chicken
on TV and other I would ever eat
watermelon on TV
however
we know each other well enough now I
don't mind the chicken why isn't it
fizzling and popping it will how do you
govern what are these contraptions here
and what should you be cooking it in
well I see that pressure cooker over
there well the real secret to KFC if you
ever go to the restaurant they have
these high-powered industrial pressure
fryer right and this is an example of an
at-home pressure prior but right now
we're just using it you know and if
we're just using a pot and pan to do it
with some grease in it so we'll come out
with that gummy texture unless you have
the pressure fryer which is like three
hundred dollars or something okay so we
know which uh which one of these recipes
is the most difficult in your book to
follow do you think to follow yeah um
well KFC because you need a lot of
different spices i would say on the oreo
cookie cheesecake from the cheesecake
factory oh we like that come on keep
going keep going all right now what is
this right here we have two plates talk
to me about what's going on in each
plate while you fry more that's the
chicken it's already been cooked on the
red lobster cheddar bay biscuits which
is also in the cookbook okay and these
are both your recipes yes can I share
with somebody is that going to throw off
the whole schematics of this entire
segment or awkward Rob okay Jennifer
come do you like hot sauce i will today
alright well you're not Mike so don't
talk just smile if you love it okay I
can't my masculine water horrible emiti
is like a wild animal both of these
recipes the cheddar bay as well as the
chicken are available at Wendy show calm
and everyone in the audience is going to
get it how was it going to get a copy of
wrong
Oh